---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

I started my research at May 20th and this is a 10-week research program

I read five papers about data cleaning/wrangling syetem

1. C Yan and Y He. 2020. Auto-Suggest: Learning-to-Recommend Data Preparation Steps Using Data Science Notebooks. In SIGMOD. 1539–1554. https://github.com/congy/AutoSuggest
2. R Bavishi, C Lemieux, R Fox, K Sen, and I Stoica. 2019. AutoPandas: Neural-Backed Generators for Program Synthesis. Proc. ACM Program. Lang. OOPSLA, Article 168 (oct 2019), 27 pages.
3. P J Guo, S Kandel, J Hellerstein, and J Heer. 2011. Proactive Wrangling: MixedInitiative End-User Programming of Data Transformation Scripts. In UIST. 65–74.
4. S Kandel, A Paepcke, J Hellerstein, and J Heer. 2011. Wrangler: Interactive Visual Specification of Data Transformation Scripts. In CHI. 3363–3372.
5. M Raza and S Gulwani. 2017. Automated data extraction using predictive program synthesis. In AAAI, Vol. 31.

They provide rich insight to me about how algorithms plays an cricial role in helping users process data and how researchers develop such algorithms
I learnt from the first paper the graph-like representation and min-cut clustering for choosing the next recommendation.
Some things to consider in this project that some system would have both input and output of notebook as the input for the system, but in this project we only have the input data.

Semantic Understanding should be helpful for recommendation
Benchmark dataset: I am planning to lookup github on my own, I will also include some edge cases

Last update on Jun 20th